Thank you, sir.
If it weren't for you
I will be taken as a slave by them
It's okay, use mine.
I can keep you safe, sir
Hey where are they
Boss, they're in the dungeon
You're finished.
Hahahaha
Our boss will be here soon.
Today, even if you stick your wings, you can't go to the United States.
Just waiting to be captured by the Shen family
Sir, I implicated you
Run away
It's okay, it's okay, it's okay
Do you know where the others are being held?
I don't know.
I heard they were censored and made subordinates.
Ok guys ok come
Shen Tian, this bastard
He regards the Shen family as his palace
Shen Tian
It was your fault
Shen family waste
When you were a kid, you were not as good as anything
Why am I looking for abuse again?
Oh, dear.
Isn't this my plaything?
What, you want to save him?
Kneel down and beg me
Beg me and I'll give him to you
Xiaotian, you use the name of the Shen family
Doing such a shameful thing
IF
It's not that the old man insists on
The position of head of the house is passed on to you
I'm about to make that big play
It's unbearable
Oops, it doesn't matter.
Kill you
No one knows how I became one
The hum of the head of the Shen family
up
You trash, go
Don't be idle
It's just a brain
Kung fu can't, you have a waste
Ah!
Is Mr. Chen alright?
When did you practice your skills?
Stop talking nonsense, you notify the Shen family now
Let him release everyone he caught
otherwise
I will kill my relatives righteously
Kill me!
You can save all the people who capture the Shen family